You are the real vice president
Take the money and do as I say
No wonder Manager Ma reminded me not to move my eyes
It turns out that the backer behind is the real big boss
But now that you've moved to a wealthy family
Do you still have to work in a branch office?
Wait. I have a question for you
Does Shu Yan not know your true identity?
Great, let me take my chance
Auntie, I just had a very good chat with Yotsuba
I feel like he should be interested in me too
And I'm working at his subsidiary now.
Don't you think this is fate?
I see the sign that you are walking, and your family is also good
As long as you can get the four-leaf divorce
This young lady is yours
Aunt, I don't quite understand what you mean.
Are you saying that Four Leaves is already married?
Oh yes
I am very dissatisfied with both of them.
As long as you can help me complete this task
I can give you some money.
Auntie money is unnecessary
I really like four leaves
Shu Yan has actually obtained the certificate with Fourth Master Fu
Turns out that bitch has been watching me laugh